# EventTrackingCalendar

I created this app to track the date and times of upcoming events for users to better organize their busy schedules. I made this app for students, professionals, and event planners. The screens needed to get this app fully functional are a login screen, an event grid screen which will serve as the main page of the app, an add event screen, and an SMS notifications screen. Allowing SMS notifications is not a requirement to allow the app to function properly. I kept my UI design clear and consistent throughout the app allowing for easy navigation between the different screens in the app. The design was a success because it was functional as well as being simple to understand. I focused on having modular and clean code within the project, I also used event-driven programming to handle the user interactions when it comes to using the RecyclerView. My approach will allow my app to be adaptable and scalable for future updates. For testing my program, I used manual testing as well as logging data to the console to ensure correct data was being passed. This was important because there was times where an event was not getting inserted into the database or being able to get deleted, allowing me to correct the appropriate data is being sent to the database and back to the user. I had to innovate by simplifing the UI components on the screen, I initially had too many buttons on the screen which would require more time for me to implement. Simplifing the components allowed me to showcase a clean functional UI design that still allows me to add onto it for better scalability. I felt that handling the event activity grid is where I had the most success by combining two types of recycler views to show different data grids in a way that is appealing to the user and lets them understand the tasks that are coming up.
